first order dominating led by general
Hux trying to be intimidating but poets
aw shucks still the smooth operator
x-wing move so fresh til he leads his
old bombing fleet to untimely death
slice terrain ready to learn that Jedi
magic but Luke is in a different movie
working on a slapstick between the frog
nuns and cute walking birch the Jedi
Temple turned into a comedy Church
smokes first live appearance pimp robes
cut slender looking like a seal got his
head stuck in a blender to win out kylo
who gets extra fumed pelvis mash brother
goes by Halloween costume on the cruiser
leia plays face smacker think they're
all safe but yo Lightspeed tracker kylo
space rage can't pull the trigger on his
damn mob goes up anyway Leia gets a
Superman on this is where some of y'all
get lost and others are still into it
all because class religion stones and
beetles but nothing else to divides us
more the defensive side by sequels
Provenza crating sorry
we can't be stars
[Music]
break song
check it and within the leaky Michelin
Man on his way to find Rey but love has
different plans with the sister of a
bomber in the grieving stages so Maz
sends him out to get Rack den Maggie
gasps horse cat derbies blues and jgl
been a parking violation lands both in
the south with Oscar winner del Toro
he'll take it from here but the first
mistake was trusting him to not be weird
way down the rabbit hole tripping on
reflections Boris times with Tyler man
they always have reception she thinks
that she can fix him who thinks she's
full of crap they're still competent and
also have you seen his traps two bounces
off to Kyllo snow castle by the balls
I cannot be portrayed Shiloh has a dark
fall guards cut loose for neck did you
fight then it dropped my spa step so
tight Leia's comatose follow Admiral
Dern still butting heads with politics
an admirable turn she remains on the
cruiser as the crew escaped huge
explosion on music cuz the vacuum of
space stuff at awestruck some while
others don't believe the physics either
way it's hot debate and that's the
beauty in it can't delight in captain
phasma unanswered queries about snow
super fans may
he's a sadistic undermining jokes
those parts
[Music]
Pizza boobies to the base in the tundra
snow or maybe it's sand so thanks I was
bothering me
drinkin tea ships cuz they low one
budget beast the battering ram cannon
that's the best that could come up with
bro save spin and they squeeze that
first kiss in Luke in the game to
pinch-hit like Kirk Gibson and
understated overkill does nothing to on
now its model with model it's the master
beef stew to see back in the day Ben was
under Luke's instruction a
miscommunication caused resentment and
destruction now roots next move is hard
to work like a puppet film annotation
fighting beta to the dump sunset follow
walking chandeliers rail is the rubbles
pose says some bins bromances in trouble
who owed upon the Falcon time to set the
new course tilt down to the stable boy
who also has the course I think that
means we all have it even just spit the
not so hidden meaning is that Ryan
Johnson's wrench that was Star Wars the
last Jedi York convinces recap reps make
sure you follow our Facebook's jump page
be nice to each other we'll see you next
time
whew what's up guys thanks for watching
did you want to see another recap wrap
through the box to the left or to see
another dope video with the box to the
right
alright time for the nightly routine of
opening up ready and watch people argue
about this movie where's my popcorn